README.md, before:

# 👋 Hi, I'm Agbaka Daniel Ugonna (aka **Big Dreams Web3**)

A passionate **Web3 Developer & Blockchain Enthusiast** 🚀  

---

## 💡 What I Do
- ⚙️ Build on **EVM**, and **Solana**
- 🧾 Craft scalable **payment platforms** and **DeFi protocols**
- 📦 Build tools using **Firebase**, **Next.js**, **lit-html**, and **Solidity**
- 🧠 Contributor and member of [SuperTeamNG](https://x.com/SuperteamNG)

---

## 📫 How to Reach Me

- 🐦 [Twitter/X @0xbigdream](https://x.com/0xbigdream)  
- 📧 [Email: 99craftson@gmail.com](mailto:99craftson@gmail.com)  
---

## ⚙️ Languages & Tools

<div style="display: flex; flex-wrap: wrap; gap: 8px;">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Solidity-363636?style=for-the-badge&logo=solidity&logoColor=white" alt="Solidity" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Move-FF4C3B?style=for-the-badge&logo=protonmail&logoColor=white" alt="Move" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black" alt="JavaScript" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white" alt="TypeScript" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white" alt="Next.js" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Vite-646CFF?style=for-the-badge&logo=vite&logoColor=white" alt="Vite.js" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/lit.js-324FFF?style=for-the-badge&logo=webcomponents.org&logoColor=white" alt="lit.js" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Firebase-FFCA28?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase&logoColor=black" alt="Firebase" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/TailwindCSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwindcss&logoColor=white" alt="TailwindCSS" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white" alt="Git" />
</div>

---

## 🧩 Featured Projects
- 🥕 [**CarrotDEX**](https://carrotdex.xyz): Smart DEX aggregator on MegaETH with point rewards system (Serans)  
- 🌉 [**Framp.xyz**](https://framp.xyz): Fiat ↔ Crypto ramp platform for the African market
-

Commit message:

Revise README with updated skills and open source info
Updated personal description and added new sections.

README.md, after:

# 👋 Hi, I'm Agbaka Daniel Ugonna (aka **Big Dreams Web3**)

A passionate **Web3 Developer & Blockchain Engineer** focused on building scalable crypto infrastructure, developer tools, and DeFi systems.

---

## 💡 What I Do
- ⚙️ Build on **EVM**, **Solana**, and emerging chains
- 🧾 Design scalable **payment platforms**, **DEXs**, and **DeFi protocols**
- 📦 Build developer tools with **Next.js**, **Vite**, **lit-html**, **Firebase**, and **Solidity**
- 🧠 Contributor & member of [SuperTeamNG](https://x.com/SuperteamNG)

---

## 📦 Open Source & NPM Packages

### 🔹 **Dbrix**
A lightweight, developer-friendly abstraction layer for structured data handling in modern JavaScript apps.

- 📦 **NPM:** https://www.npmjs.com/package/@dbrix/core
- 🎯 Focus: simplicity, modularity, and speed
- ⚡ Works seamlessly with Vite, Node.js, and frontend apps
---

## 📫 How to Reach Me

- 🐦 [Twitter/X @0xbigdream](https://x.com/0xbigdream)  
- 📧 [Email: 99craftson@gmail.com](mailto:99craftson@gmail.com)  
---

## ⚙️ Languages & Tools

<div style="display: flex; flex-wrap: wrap; gap: 8px;">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Solidity-363636?style=for-the-badge&logo=solidity&logoColor=white" alt="Solidity" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Move-FF4C3B?style=for-the-badge&logo=protonmail&logoColor=white" alt="Move" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black" alt="JavaScript" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white" alt="TypeScript" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white" alt="Next.js" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Vite-646CFF?style=for-the-badge&logo=vite&logoColor=white" alt="Vite.js" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/lit.js-324FFF?style=for-the-badge&logo=webcomponents.org&logoColor=white" alt="lit.js" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Firebase-FFCA28?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase&logoColor=black" alt="Firebase" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/TailwindCSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwindcss&logoColor=white" alt="TailwindCSS" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white" alt="Git" />
</div>

---

## 🧩 Featured Projects
- 🥕 [**CarrotDEX**](https://carrotdex.xyz): Smart DEX aggregator on MegaETH with point rewards system (Serans)  
- 🌉 [**Framp.xyz**](https://framp.xyz): Fiat ↔ Crypto ramp platform for the African market
-
